feat(kommander): attach cluster using isolated service account (#2794)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/ksphere/kommander/latest/clusters/attach-cluster/index.md

```

After the CA secret has been created successfully, a custom kubeconfig can be retrieved by visiting the `/token` endpoint on the Kommander cluster domain. Selecting the attached cluster name displays the instructions to assemble a kubeconfig for accessing its Kubernetes API.

## Attaching Kubernetes Cluster Using a New Service Account

When connecting an existing cluster to Kommander a separate special service account should be created to keep that access specific and isolated to Kommander.

To get started, ensure you have [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/) set up and configured with [ClusterAdmin](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/cluster-administration-overview/) for the cluster you intend to connect to Konvoy.

First create the necessary service account:

```shell
kubectl -n kube-system create serviceaccount kommander-cluster-admin
```

> Next we'll configure the new service account for cluster admin permissions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next configure the new service account for cluster admin permissions:
```

```shell
cat << EOF | kubectl apply -f -
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: ClusterRoleBinding
metadata:
  name: kommander-cluster-admin
roleRef:
  apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
  kind: ClusterRole
  name: cluster-admin
subjects:
- kind: ServiceAccount
  name: kommander-cluster-admin
  namespace: kube-system
EOF
```

> Next we'll need to grab some variables to populate the new kubeconfig file for this service account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next use some variables to populate the new kubeconfig file for this service account.
```

```shell
export USER_TOKEN_NAME=$(kubectl -n kube-system get serviceaccount kommander-cluster-admin -o=jsonpath='{.secrets[0].name}')
export USER_TOKEN_VALUE=$(kubectl -n kube-system get secret/${USER_TOKEN_NAME} -o=go-template='{{.data.token}}' | base64 --decode)
export CURRENT_CONTEXT=$(kubectl config current-context)
export CLUSTER_CA=$(kubectl config view --raw -o=go-template='{{range .clusters}}{{if eq .name "'''${CURRENT_CONTEXT}'''"}}{{ index .cluster "certificate-authority-data" }}{{end}}{{ end }}')
export CLUSTER_SERVER=$(kubectl config view --raw -o=go-template='{{range .clusters}}{{if eq .name "'''${CURRENT_CONTEXT}'''"}}{{ .cluster.server }}{{end}}{{ end }}')
```

> Now we can generate the kubeconfig file with those values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can generate the kubeconfig file with these values:
```

```shell
cat << EOF > kommander-cluster-admin-config
apiVersion: v1
kind: Config
current-context: ${CURRENT_CONTEXT}
contexts:
- name: ${CURRENT_CONTEXT}
  context:
    cluster: ${CURRENT_CONTEXT}
    user: kommander-cluster-admin
    namespace: kube-system
clusters:
- name: ${CURRENT_CONTEXT}
  cluster:
    certificate-authority-data: ${CLUSTER_CA}
    server: ${CLUSTER_SERVER}
users:
- name: kommander-cluster-admin
  user:
    token: ${USER_TOKEN_VALUE}
EOF
```

> This will produce a file in your current working directory called `kommander-cluster-admin-config`, the contents of this file can then be uploaded to Kommander to import the cluster using the dedicated service account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This produces a file in your current working directory called `kommander-cluster-admin-config`. The contents of this file can uploaded to Kommander to import the cluster using the dedicated service account.
```

> Before importing this configuration verify that the configuration is functional by running the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before importing this configuration, verify the configuration is functional by running the following command:
```
